Introduction
------------

Since SIPTAPI version 0.3.13 SIPTAPI allows to configure more than 40 lines. 
This is achieved by configuring the lines directly in the Registry instead of 
using the SIPTAPI configuration dialog.

To configure more than 40 lines go to the SIPTAPI configuration (Control Panel 
-> Telephone and Modem -> Advanced), activate the checkbox "configure lines 
via Windows Registry" and clock "OK".

Once this feature is activated, the line configuration must done manually by 
manipulating the Windows registry. The global SIPTAPI settings "use TCP", 
"ACD mode" and "disable realm check" can still be configured via the SIPTAPI 
configuration dialog. (Actually the first 40 lines can always be configured via 
the GUI by toggling the "configure line via Windows Registry" checkbox.)

Registry Configuration
----------------------

SIPTAPI stores it's configuration (global and line settings) in the Registry key:
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Telephony\SIPTAPI

Inside this key the following parameters are used:

Global parameters:
  - transportprotocol: The transport protocol used for the SIP signaling, 0 for 
    UDP, 1 for TCP
  - disablerealmcheck: SIP authentication (HTTP digest authentication) uses a 
    realm, which is the context for the username/password. Usually the realm 
    is identical to the SIP domain. If this is not the case (e.g. when using
    Asterisk with default settings) then activate this setting to allow
    authentication also against non-matching realms. In local environments it
    is usally fine to activate this feature. 0 to enforce realm check, 1 to disable 
    the realm check
  - lineconfigviaregistry: 0 for GUI configuration, 1 for configuration via Registry
  - numLines: The number of available lines which SIPTAPI shall report to Windows TAPI. 
    This parameter is only used when lineconfigviaregistry = 1
  - reversemode: ACD mode. In this mode SIPTAPI calls first to target and then refers
    the call to the local user. Useful in outbound call center applications. Note: Do
    not enable this feature unless you know what you are doing! 0 for normal
    (preferred) signaling, 1 for ACD mode.

Line parameters: Every line parameter has its respective line number as suffix. 
There is no limit on the number of lines. Line numbers start with 1 and must not
contain leading zeros.
 - proxy: SIP domain, without "sip:"
 - obproxy: (optional) Outbound Proxy, without "sip:"
 - username: SIP username of the SIP account used by SIPTAPI
 - password: SIP password of the SIP account used by SIPTAPI
 - authusername: (optional) SIP authentication user, only needed if different than the username
 - phoneusername: (optional) If SIPTAPI uses a dedicated SIP account provide here the username
   (extension) of the user's SIP phone.
 - lineactive: flag to enable/disable a line. 0 is disabled, 1 is enabled
 - register: flag to indicate if SIPTAPI REGISTERs to the proxy. Needed for example if inbound
   call indication is required. 0 do not REGISTER, 1 to REGISTER
 - autoanswer: SIPTAPI can add SIP headers to indicate to the PBX/phone to auto answer the call
   initiated by SIPTAPI. Some phones (SNOM, Polycom, Jitsi) support this feature. 0 for normal 
   behavior, 1 to add these headers.


See below or the file "SIPTAPI Line Configuration via Registry.reg" for examples of
Registry files to import settings:

[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Telephony\SIPTAPI]
"transportprotocol"=dword:00000000
"disablerealmcheck"=dword:00000001
"lineconfigviaregistry"=dword:00000001
"numLines"=dword:00000003
"reversemode"=dword:00000000

"proxy3"="example.com"
"obproxy3"="sip.example.com:5072"
"username3"="user3"
"password3"="topsecret3"
"authusername3"=""
"phoneusername3"=""
"lineactive3"=dword:00000001
"register3"=dword:00000001
"autoanswer3"=dword:00000000

